okay and hello and welcome to the a JIT
FS chord F team a weekly Meetup it's the
18th of June I've just got back from
holiday so I'm a good mood but David the
S can't make it he is back from water
baby
he's not here I think he's teaching so
here we go okay so please add your name
if you haven't any attendees list on
that hackpad I just paste that into the
into the chat chat chat just in case we
don't have it can everyone hear me okay
yeah yeah okay cool if you can add your
name to the attendees list if you
haven't already and your you update your
weekly update and we will shortly go
through go through that sequentially and
if one could give their update okay okay
right so from me so yeah like I said I
was on holiday last week so I didn't get
a lot done I did have fun time to
release a new version of Jays ipfs
lately I which is backwards compatible
API changed files copy and files new and
so that's rad so what I want to draw
your attention to is a PR I have open on
the interface IP FS core repo and that's
for modularizing the tests and it should
hopefully make things a whole lot better
for well for devs for anyone who's using
the particular library but please go and
have a look even if you don't review the
code just read the description because
it will tell you what's going on and
what's changed and it we ace if you
could you know put a +1 on it or or
approve it or whatever and that would be
great and yes note taker I forgot about
that sorry no I just thinks I want
adding notes envelope great
cool so I'm blocked on this PR for the
live p2p connection manager it's open
and I think ready
it just needs someone to just view it
again and eventually merge it I have
been working towards a 0:30 release
today mostly looking at the bit swap
stuff just getting those PRS all in a
line and I think are really nearly there
we've got the interface stuff in the API
stuff is in and I'm just running tests
on the genocide PFS side of things and
and that's nearly there
so that's hopefully done I also looked
at the pin API PR again which is rad it
is huge but it's so nearly there and it
just needs a little little extra push
and then we can get that in as well
and the same hashes as go I also look at
that I know there's been problems with
building JS ipfs because the hashes have
changed in the modules for unix efforts
so then after that i'm having to look at
and maybe get em FS merged and that's it
from me does anyone have any questions
ok
rad that's very kind of it so alex is
not here today but he wanted me to give
you this update from him he says that
NFS is ready to be merged and he's been
working on adding interrupt tests as
well which is great and he says he's
found an interesting bug where Jason
passing a text
binary or s key encoded data from go in
my PFS object get leads to the data
field become corrupted
but I possess object data as I catch
that is okay so is I professed I get
should not be affected either as its
basic super one Costa data and yet I
think this digress all something about
anyway the the his update is in the hack
pad you are welcome to read it and so
like he said he's finished on my first
he's blocked on a bunch of pull requests
I'm hoping that I've merged some of them
in today that's good
so he's got some hash interrupt tests to
finish and he wants to submit a PR to go
I get this allowing for base64 encoding
data fields so that's great
does anyone have any questions around
fact that I may or may not be able to
answer okay okay so oka next would you
like to go yes so I was also traveling
for the past four weeks or something and
hardly did any work but I when I do work
I concentrate on the graph seeing stuff
clearly I mostly fight with full streams
like if never use post fuse before and
it's just like I mean it's a super easy
concept but just wrapping your head
around it it's not that easy and because
like sometimes it just don't get data
for whatever reason and then you've
missed the sink or area so that that's
what I'm fighting with but I guess I
just need to also figure out myself and
then I keep on we're gonna grab sink and
we'll see how this goes
as this made me know Chiara for this
quarter in the quarter slowly ending so
yeah that's all I do all right thank you
okay I always have a pull map with your
console log in it handy so I know what's
coming through my string I'm sure you
figured that out already
any questions okay cool so let's go
hello
last week I've been working in my OPR
I've been s working locally for now I
have initial implementation it already
works for publishing and resolving I P&S
the names locally but it is not yet
completely equal to growth and I'm now
working in depth in that site and also
in the in the validations of results
because I also detected the problem in
the implementation basically as there is
no specs for the idea nation though I'm
just digging in the code and total of
two it is given in order to understand
some some things because I also not that
experience with though and as I'm
working in the ibanez and there is no
dogs I'm also writing at the same time
aspect draft for the I pianist I think
it will be good to work I'm not blocked
on anything for the this week I want to
finish result validation then over there
it go
and that's the road test and also create
PR with this first version of IP
networking locally and then I also want
to analyze your islands request
there is the the CI problem with Windows
I will check if it is of your PR or not
I'm not sure and that I will also try to
close more fears for still and that's it
for me
all right thank you any questions not
okay so hi guys so I've been doing my PR
on big files previously implemented and
you know dr. story using the file API
the file system API and also committed a
new unmarshal method for the exercise
using a different library the benchmarks
[Music]
went okay and I guess the PDF module
this module by my talks is the best it
works
more or less 3x times faster or more
than the current one the protons that we
are using now so I think that's a good
improvement to at least make the normals
a little bit faster and also I was able
to implement streaming download so right
now we can get a big file and we
actually download to the normal download
to the user our disk our drive and make
basically don't go out to the machine
with the
file in the interim so it's kinda tricky
implementation but it works pretty well
it's all straining so the the ramp keeps
a little steady
so no problems there I think that's one
I'll probably make them or something to
explain it how it works
next week I'll continue with video cure
I'll need to know benchmark file system
API versus the index TV and probably
also try to improve a little bit on the
crypto side because that's the main
slowdown reason to when we are you are
getting the box it's it's it's all
crypto everything else it's pretty fast
but to crypto it takes forever to run
Molden I I'm always waiting on Wall
Street to be downloaded to the router
and I need to make it a little bit at
least oh you do it a little bit fast so
basically that would be it anyone has
any questions that's that's very cool um
yeah I don't know if people tend to
bring like demos and stuff I'd love to
see like demo with like things being way
faster and stuff like that that would be
awesome yeah not really question next
one now I can make a demo rad um cool
there was no other questions am i right
cool okay chicken so I got Friday about
private networks working and talking
between J's and go so those are those
are functioning it's all working anode
that won't be functioning in the browser
at this point because of security
concerns with having a swarm key in the
browser
but there's potential maybe we can look
at that in the future but I've got I'm
just finalizing PRS for that and then
looking at some of the the GS ipfs the
tests in JSI PFS to work on making those
a little bit more stable because right
now they're kind of timeout based which
is not good for Jas ipfs so just because
that connection is a bit problematic to
test again so I'm looking at that and
there are some inconsistencies there so
hopefully you can narrow some of that
down but those should be good to go this
week so I'll start soliciting feedback
on that I did have to fight with pull
streams a lot to work on that so Vogler
if you need some help maybe maybe I can
help but yeah other than that if there's
I put a fix in ipfs D controller the
process Damon wasn't passing config in
which when I was testing the private
network it was trying to connect to a
bunch of public nodes which is no good
so past that and shut that off so
hopefully we can get that merged in then
this week I'll finish on private network
stuff and then if I don't if there
aren't any higher priority items I will
probably start working on the Lib p2p
switch upgrade to the state machine nice
thanks Rick any questions no okay
you got off lightly next up is so oh
yeah so wait so you're said you're gonna
prepare a demo for next week it's gonna
be demo heavy next week you know you're
at yeah so I'll do it for the All Hands
like probably also bring it bring it to
this one as well all right okay okay
cool and obviously we're going to keep
into the time limit but yeah and that
would be rad anyway things go jaqen fee
along with understanding how I've made a
few requests I've also noted that one of
those probably shouldn't go to switch or
without have to that I'll continue
working on the demon sincerely I need
some guys because I have like this huge
OKR that's battering their error
handling in the demon stability but most
of the time and just nitpicking some of
some bugs trying to make something
honestly I don't think next we know how
to approach that I can I hope to but if
any of you is see what oh yeah by the
way I mean I saw your
for the question of the interface I
think that's not nothing that will help
me I haven't reviewed it
I've started redoing it like haven't
finished tonight it's pretty good
thank you muted oh I'm sorry
what does I just say yeah that's uh
that's that that's great thank you for
looking at the for request yeah I like
like it says in there a lot of its
mechanical changes and there's a lot of
files that moved around but the the
description is just like what's there
and the changes and them yeah I hope
felicia makes it stuff better in terms
of you feeling a little lost around
error-handling and stuff around the
codebase I honestly I wouldn't know
exactly where to start either but I
think what you're doing doing the
research is can only be a good thing and
often I'm I spend my time flapping
around thinking I'm very sure what I
meant to do until I kind of figure out
something that is worthwhile and it will
eventually come if you keep if you keep
prodding it keep looking into it that's
you know yeah but yeah I can't really
offer a much more advice than that and
I'll see if I can find some time to to
help out but yeah it's just the best if
I explain Julie's research I feel
complete in that actually where I'm not
losing anything you know you have you
spend we spent that time constructively
looking into problems and figuring out
things in your head you might not
realize it but things are slowly coming
together and then you'll be like oh yeah
right I just I need to do this this is
this is an obvious thing that will you
that will help us in the future and yeah
okay so I don't know exactly yeah all
right all right any any questions for
digger okay who's next who's next
matching so I was working on rewriting
web RTC start to use the interface data
exchange which basically abstracts away
all the stuff that socket I always
prevails previously doing move to
exchange instead now even
uses a direct connection to the PF there
is a collection of a circuit our uses
service module to exchange the data
required to establish a parasitic
connection I already gave a demo on your
All Hands class if you dare you're
properly solid too I've also linked the
presentation and decode here again I'm
currently blocked on a bunch of issues
and PRS that are required to finish up
the usual modules then interface that
the exchange is made of and the next
thing I will do is getting web RTC star
the second version merged and also
getting the PDP relevance module
finished and hopefully get that PR merge
this open and has anybody got any
questions
cool okay okay next there's no one
there's no one else so I'm two questions
I had a question from Alex about
interrupts tests and he wants to know if
they're run anywhere as part of CI and
prevent anything from being released
if they fail I know that they are part
of the release issue template and they
are something that are that is meant to
be run manually before a release happens
so as long as we manually run them they
they are run yes
but as far as I know there's no CI which
you know automated kind of test that
sets them off when something happens
there's anyone else as far as I know
there's nothing that runs that I think
it's worth I don't know if maybe this is
a thing to talk about at the Berlin
Meetup
but I think there's a lot of when I'm
looking at because I was running into
this doing the private private network
of where does this go of I've got to run
the private network and test
against jeaious and go and right now
it's just getting stuck in the J s tests
which is not the best so it would be
nice if we had that interrupt a separate
interrupt test suite that we could run
regularly and we could run against tags
and potentially hook up to something
like greenkeeper to actually do more
tests against that consistently yeah I
would like to see them run more often
because I guess at release time it's
it's kind of a lot with possibly a long
time after pull requests have been
merged and and stuff like that so yeah
it would be cool if anyone has any ideas
about when or how they could be run and
if they could raise them somewhere I'm
making like that's Rico or the intro
replay and that would be rad and I don't
have any ideas at moment but I would
like to see them run more often and cool
any other questions from Hugo need help
making pushing to web stream with back
pressure is that a request for help or
yes and so I also have a couple of they
destroy any poll streams right now I'm
doing on the older Donald streaming I
can guarantee the back question
everywhere but I need to do is reach a
note stream and now I would like to
avoid that and do directly go straight
on to web stream it's not critical below
its I would like to do it directly
instead of going to a readable string
and then going to a web stream when I
couldn't figure out how to do it because
I really don't have much experience with
both streams do you
repo that you can link to but we can
make out yeah right back track then then
because my current trip is silence but I
lied some some information on that
question if you want with it
please I've got some experience with
post dream so not a mind taking a look
just pass the notes not strange to which
two streams function that I have and
basically would be just translating into
full frames that exactly is X function
function okay another question I have
its I'll do I connect from the browser
to go ipfs demon using WebSockets with
it I have no idea if that's even also
could have one and your objection
sorry object touch add link oh yeah yeah
so basically right now I need to handle
a lot of files to do my testing and I
would like to accumulate keep it all of
them under one folder so I only need to
keep track of one and basically I
figured out that I needed to do this
stuff so I exchanged the link to move
one file in under a folder but basically
it crashes on JSI DFS and as I can't use
go idea face because there's no web
sockets as far as I know if anyone has
any knowledge about how why these
crashes or
there's any other way to basically my
goal is I cannot I only need to keep
track of Hornish and I after that I only
do waste - and I get told my files and I
can compute I stole to the ashes and do
my texting instead of always keeping a
wall of every file that I add should I
be a face for testing but that's some
minor stuff only if anyone has like a
direct answer space I turn off the top
of my head and unexpected I didn't think
anyone else that's by the blank face I
guess if it's airing then maybe if you
can if you can submit a a issue to the
gesso professor eco that'd be good yeah
yeah I'll do that simply distractions
cool
yeah if you can do that then then I can
take a look boys I was continually to
cool and that's all of the questions
does anyone else have any other
questions or things they want to raise
and talk about or just want to shoot
breeze cool
are we all stoked about working on ipfs
still yes great right okay it was very
nice to see your faces again and I will
see your faces again soon and also
hopefully in Berlin and stuff like that
so cool I think I sit then thanks a lot
guys speak to you next week